## Transition

While the types defined in the previously make illegal states unrepresentable, they don't enforce any rules about how to transition from one state into another. A state transition should be a function that takes a current Score and the winner of a ball and returns a new Score. More formally, it should have the type `(Score, Player) => Score`.

You must now be able to implement missing tests. We will apply Test-Driven Development following the Red/Green/Refactor cycle, using Jest. It's possible thanks to bs bindings [bs-jest](https://github.com/glennsl/bs-jest).

## Composing the general function

What you need to implement is a state transition of the type `(Score, Player ) => Score`.
<br/>What you have so far are the following functions:

- score_when_points : `(PointsData, Player) => Score`
- score_when_forty : `(FortyData, Player) => Score`
- score_when_deuce : `(Player) => Score`
- score_when_advantage : `(Player, Player) => Score`

You can implement the desired function by clicking the pieces together:

```OCaml
let score = (current, winner) =>
  switch current {
  | Points(p) => score_when_points(p, winner)
  | Forty(f) => score_when_forty(f, winner)
  | Deuce => score_when_deuce(winner)
  | Advantage(a) => score_when_advantage(a, winner)
  | Game(g) => score_when_game(g)
  };
```

Refactoring transition functions should be quite easy following the types we have designed.

You can notice we add a new function `score_when_game`. It's because a pattern matching must be exaustive. We should also use `_` which mean _default_. In our case, `current` type is `score` so its value may also be `Game` but when score is Game it means a playe win the game, score will no more change. Add the implementation :

```OCaml
let score_when_game = winner => Game(winner);
```

Finally you can initialize a new Game :

```Ocaml
let newGame = Points({playerOne: Love, playerTwo: Love});
```
